all right who's actually gonna try one
these
I got a case of it so I'm going to
number the
always do and make my don't put numbers
on
fast things and booze actually gonna try
one and down there pick up zoo still
here some yoga world peace anybody ever
wants to try one uh-huh here's the one
upside down mojo one two three four you
get all the numbers in here yep got
everything in there I can go and pick
one we're going to build up Saddam when
you go try one yeah okay is a heavy no I
don't know what is my first run first
time that are you know really you team
on real deal we're gonna get out funds
and Smith out of here cleaned up for
heat and he owes a stuff yeah oh we do
first I don't know that's three packs
that's too so let's do this okay let's
get few gene over with or Alfonso
damaged you got damaged mojo and we got
upside down low drop it's got a bubble
in it take bonsall once out give me
something else to admit this is a modern
player okee this shouldn't be a rookie
then who it's not who is that Bob Griese
huh 212 slide 2 12 sweet it was nice
nice yep eating pains not up yeah things
a good product not a bad one to get
either it seems like on average isn't
always the case but if it's some modern
player then underneath is not a rookie
on average but sometimes that's not the
case but Alfonso we do but it's a
retired player and the flag patch then
usually it so we got modern player and
modern player will be a non rookie nope
George oh stop her how it's a big rookie
that oh nice nice that Stafford
beautiful that's what i meant either a
big rookie or a non rookie that made up
for Eugene yeah slightly better than
Alfonso you guys hang out will you do it
over here good bug the black right
that's not bad at all right where was
the one I was on the bottom of it which
one oh yeah oh yeah I guess all right so
who's the ug monro this year just push
all this up hurting me unfold it and
then you slide you look three boxes huh
a lot of have you so I like to open up
boxes where I do breaks I know what I'm
game myself and I feel heavy y'all seen
it feels very light okay then get a hit
per box yup for mini but right on top
shared man Roger on mayo and that's
numbers patch oughta go to 75 ok cool
Steven Jackson Romo and Earl Bennett 99
okay honey both the L or knots letterman
marriage yeah the hell else will be
tough yeah dad's on tape editor's up the
music yeah and Aldridge Anthony Aldridge
letter patch 35 number 35 mm-hmm gosh
I'm 13 or 35 G's Smith Johnson and Felix
Jones working for 19 nice ok need to
take a look at it I think all base
unless they're different for crackers or
something 949 and there's a for next
Lester abstract official all right
that's gonna 19e is super pregnant by
the way no super well jay well darn 2 of
6 yeah short pregnant yeah it makes me
feel better hey Jeff Anderson crystal on
my right now better cool all right what
doesn't Black was awesome yeah 3 there
you have it be some box boo all right
thanks